feat: flashloans docs refactoring (#189)
neutron-org/neutron-docs: docs/other_tools/flashloans/overview.md

# Overview

A flash loan is a type of uncollateralized loan in the cryptocurrency and decentralized finance (DeFi) space. It allows
borrowers to borrow funds without providing any collateral, on the condition that the loan is repaid within the same
transaction. If the borrower fails to repay the loan by the end of the transaction, the entire transaction is
reversed, effectively canceling the loan. Flash loans are typically used for arbitrage, collateral swapping, and
refinancing, taking advantage of price discrepancies or temporary liquidity needs without requiring long-term capital.

## Implementations

### Neutron flashloans

> The `neutron-flashloans` contract facilitates providing flash loans to smart contracts operating on the Neutron network. The `neutron-flashloans` contract does not hold any funds. Instead, it uses `authz` permission from the `source` address to execute `/cosmos.bank.v1beta1.MsgSend` on its behalf. For this particular instance, the `source` address is the [Treasury (Neutron DAO core)](https://neutron.celat.one/neutron-1/contracts/neutron1suhgf5svhu4usrurvxzlgn54ksxmn8gljarjtxqnapv8kjnp4nrstdxvff) contract address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `neutron-flashloans` contract facilitates provision of flash loans to smart contracts operating on the Neutron network. The `neutron-flashloans` contract does not hold any funds. Instead, it uses `authz` permission from the `source` address to execute `/cosmos.bank.v1beta1.MsgSend` on its behalf. For this particular instance, the `source` address is the [Treasury (Neutron DAO core)](https://neutron.celat.one/neutron-1/contracts/neutron1suhgf5svhu4usrurvxzlgn54ksxmn8gljarjtxqnapv8kjnp4nrstdxvff) contract address.
```

Sounds better in my opinion, not an expert in English though

- **contract address**: TODO add celatone link to the contract instance when deployed

> - **usage**: https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron-dao/blob/main/contracts/dao/neutron-flashloans

Reviewer: Maybe we should give a link to an example contract that uses the flashloan contract instead? (cause you say **usage**).

And have a separate link to the actual implementation of Flashloan contract that leads to crate.io

> - **usage**: https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron-dao/blob/main/contracts/dao/neutron-flashloans

Author: I got your point. I'll see how to improve it and let you know

> - **usage**: https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron-dao/blob/main/contracts/dao/neutron-flashloans

Author: added the link to the neutron-dao PR cuz find it the proper place for it: https://github.com/neutron-org/neutron-dao/pull/108
